Race Cards
	3 Dwarf: You can carry any number of Big items. You can have 6 cards in your hand.
	3 Elf: +1 to run away. You go up 1 Level for every monster you help someone else kill.
	3 Halfing: -1 to Run Away. You may sell one item each turn for double price (other items are at normal price).
	2 Half-Breed: You may have two Race cards, and have all the advantages and disadvantages of each. Or you may have one Race card and have all
					of its advantages and none of its disadvantages (for example monsters that hate Elves will have no bonus against a half-Elf).
					Lose this card if you lose your Race card(s).
	
Class Cards
	3 Thief: Backstabbing - You may discard a card to backstab another player (-2 in combat). You may do this only once per victim per combat,
				but if two players are fighting a monster together, you may backstab each of them.
			 Theft - You may discard a card to try to steal a small item carried by another player. Roll a die; 4 or more succeeds. Otherwise,
				you get whacked and lose 1 Level.
	3 Wizard: Flight Spell - You may discard up to 3 cards while Running Away; each one gives you a +1 bonus to flee.
			  Charm Spell - You may discard your whole hand to charm a single Monster instead of fighting it. Discard the Monster and take its
				Treasure, but don't gain levels. If there are other monsters in the combat, fight them normally.
	3 Warrior: Berserking - You may discard up to 3 cards in combat; each one gives you a +1 bonus.
			   You win ties in combat.
	3 Cleric: Resurrection - When it is time for you to draw a card face-up, you may instead take the top card from the appropriate discard pile.
				You must then discard one card from your hand.
			  Turning: You may discard up to 3 cards in combat against an Undead creature. Each discard gives you a +3 bonus.
	2 Super Munchkin: You may have 2 Class cards, and have all the advantages and disadvantages of each.

Curse! Cards
	1 Lose 1 Big Item: Choose one big item to discard.
	1 Change Race: If you have no Race now, this curse has no effect. Otherwise, go back through the discard pile, starting with the top discard.
					The first Race card you come to replaces your current Race(s). If you go through the discards without finding a Race card,
					you just lose your own Race(s).
	1 Change Class: If you have no Class now, this curse has no effect. Otherwise, go back through the discard pile, starting with the top discard.
					The first Class card you come to replaces your current Class(es). If you go through the discards withough finding a Class card,
					you just lose you own Class(es).
	1 Lose Your Class: Discard your Class card, if you have one. If you have 2 Classes in play, lose one of them (your choice). If you have no Class,
					   lose 1 Level.
	1 Change Sex: -5 to your next combat due to distraction. After that, there is no further penalty. However, the change is permanent.
	1 Malign Mirror: You are cursed! In your next fight (only), you may not get any bonuses from items other than Armor. A Wishing Ring, used before
					the next fight, will lift the curse.
	1 Income Tax: Discard one item of your choice. Every other player must now discard an item, or items, totaling at least as much value as the item
					you discarded. If they don't have enough to pay the full tax, they must discard all their items and lose a Level.
	2 Lose 1 Small Item: Choose one small item to discard. Any item that is not designated "big" is small.
	1 Lose the Headgear You Are Wearing
	1 Chicken On Your Head: -1 to all your die rolls. Any Curse or Bad Stuff that removes your Headgear will take the chicken with it.
	1 Lose the Footgear You Are Wearing
	1 Truly Obnoxious Curse: Lose the item that gives you the biggest bonus.
	2 Lose 1 Level
	1 Lose Your Race: Discard any Race card(s) you have in play and become a Human.
	1 Lose the Armor You Are Wearing
	1 Duck of Doom: You should know better than to pick up a duck in a dungeon. Lose 2 Levels.
	1 Lose Two Cards: First the player to the victim's left draws a card from the victim's hand and keeps it. Then the player on the right does the same.
	
Special Cards
	1 Ancient: +10 to Level Of Monster - Play during combat. If the monster is defeated, draw two extra Treasures.
	1 Humongous: +10 to Level Of Monster - Play during combat. If the monster is defeated, draw two extra Treasures.
	1 Enraged: +5 to Level Of Monster - Play during combat. If the monster is defeated, draw one extra Treasure.
	1 Intelligent: +5 to Level Of Monster - Play during combat. If the monster is defeated, draw one extra Treasure.
	1 Baby: -5 to Level Of Monster (Minimum Level 1) - Play during combat. If the monster is defeated, draw one fewer Treasure (minimum of 1).
	1 Illusion: Play this card during any combat. Discard any one monster in this combat, along with any cards that have been played to modify it,
				and replace with a monster card from your hand.
	1 Divine Intervention: Regardless of who drew this card, or how, all Clerics immediately go up 1 Level. If this ends the game, the winner is
							entitled to mock the other players mercilessly.
	1 Help Me Out Here!: Play this card while you are in combat. Take one item from any other player. At the moment you take it, that item must
						make the difference between youy winning and losing that combat. You may discard something of your own before taking
						the item, if you wish.
	1 Out To Lunch: The monster in this room is on a break. Play this card during any combat. The player facing the monster(s) discards them all
					and draws two Treasure cards immedietly.
	1 Mate: Another monster appears, of the same Level and with all the same bonuses. If the monsters are defeated, draw treasure for each and go
			up levels for each. If player fless, he is at -1 to Run Away.
	3 Wandering Monster: Play this card, with a Monster from your hand, when someone (including you!) is in combat. Your monster joins the one
							already fighting - add their Levels. If the character(s) must flee, resolve the Run Away attempts seperately, in
							the order the victim chooses.
	1 Cheat!: You may have and use any one item that would otherwise be against the rules. Put this card with that item. Discard it when you lose
				that item.
				
Monster Cards (1 each)
	Potted Plant - L1 T1- Elves draw an extra Treasure after defeating it.
		Bad Stuff: None. Escape is automatic
	Lame Goblin - L1 T1 - +1 to Run Away.
		Bad Stuff: He whacks you with his crutch. Lose 1 Level.
	Crabs - L1 T1 - Cannot be Outrun!
		Bad Stuff: Discard armor and all items worn below the waist.
	Drooling Slime - L1 T1 - Yucky slime! +4 against Elves.
		Bad Stuff: Discard the Footgear you are wearing. Lose 1 Level if you have no Footgear.
	Maul Rat - L1 T1 - A creature from Hell. +3 against Clerics.
		Bad Stuff: She whacks you. Lose 1 Level.
	Gelatinous Octahedron - L2 T1 - +1 to Run Away.
		Bad Stuff: If you fail to Run Away, you must drop all your Big items.
	Pit Bull - L2 T1 - If you can't defeat it, you may distract it (automatic Escape) by dropping any wand, pole, or staff. (Fetch, Fido!)
		Bad Stuff: Fang marks in your butt. Lose 2 Levels.
	Flying Frogs - L2 T1 - -1 to Run Away
		Bad Stuff: They bite! Lose 2 Levels.
	Mr. Bones (Undead) - L2 T1 - If you must flee, you lose 1 Level even if you Escape.
		Bad Stuff: His bony touch costs you 2 Levels.
	Large Angry Chicken - L2 T1 - Fried chicken is delicious. Gain 1 extra Level instantly if you defeat it with fure or flame.
		Bad Stuff: Very painful pecking. Lose 1 Level.
	Undead Horse (Undead) - L4 T2 - +5 against Dwarves.
		Bad Stuff: Kicks, bites, and smells awful. Lose 2 Levels.
	Snails on Speed - L4 T2 - -2 to Run Away.
		Bad Stuff: They steal your treasure. Roll a die and lose that many items or cards in your hand - your choice.
	Leperchaun - L4 T2 - He's gross! +5 against Elves.
		Bad Stuff: He takes 2 items from you - one chosen by the player on either side of you.
	Harpies - L4 T2 - They resist magic. +5 against Wizards.
		Bad Stuff: Their music is really, really bad. Lose 2 Levels.
	Shrieking Geek - L6 T2 - +6 against Warriors.
		Bad Stuff: You become a normal, boring Human. Discard any Race or Class cards in play.
	Platycore - L6 T2 - Resists magic. +6 against Wizards.
		Bad Stuff: Either discard your whole hand, or lose 2 Levels.
	Pukachu - L6 T2 - Gain an extra Level if you defeat it without using help or bonuses.
		Bad Stuff: Projectile vomiting attack! Discard your whole hand.
	Lawyers - L6 T2 - Will not attack a Thief (professional courtesy). A Thief encountering a lawyer may instead discard two Treasures and
		draw two new ones face down.
		Bad Stuff: He hits you with an injunction. Let each other player draw one card from your hand, starting with the player to your left.
				   Discard any remainder.
	Amazon - L8 T2 - Will not attack female player or sex-changed male players; just gives them 1 Treasure instead.
		Bad Stuff: You have had your butt kicked by a woman. Your machie munchkin pride is lose. Lose your Class(es). If you already had no Class,
				   lose 3 Levels.
	Gazebo - L8 T2 - No one can help you. You must face the Gazebo alone.
		Bad Stuff: Lose 3 Levels.
	Ghoulfiends - L8 T2 - No items help against them - fight with your character level only.
		Bad Stuff: Your level becomes equal to the lowest level of any character in play.
	Face Sucker - L8 T2 - It's gross! +6 against Elves.
		Bad Stuff: When it sucks your face off, your Headgear goes with it. Discard all Headgear worn, and lose 1 Level.
	Floating Nose - L10 T3 - If you don't want to fight the Floating Nose, you can bribe it with an item worth at least 200 gold pieces, and it will
		let you go.
		Bad Stuff: It can sniff you out anywhere. If you lose, you cannot flee, nothing will help you. Lose 3 Levels.
	3,872 Orcs - L10 T3 - +6 against Dwarves, due to ancient grudges.
		Bad Stuff: Roll a die. On a 1 or 2, they stomp you to death. Otherwise, lose as many Levels as the die shows.
	Net Troll - L10 T3 - He has no special powers, and he's really mad about it.
		Bad Stuff: Screws up the game balance by forcing you to let the player(s) of the highest level take any one item (each) from you.
	Bigfoot - L12 T3 - +3 against Dwarves and Halflings.
		Bad Stuff: Stomps you flat and eats your hat. Lose the Headgear you were wearing.
	Wannabe Vampire - L12 T3 - Instead of fighting, a Cleric can chase the Wannabe Vampire away just by going "booga booga", and take all his Treasure.
		There is no Level increase for this!
		Bad Stuff: Blocks the door and tells you about his character. Lose 3 Levels.
	Tongue Demon - L12 T3 - A creature from Hell. +4 against Clerics. You must discard one item (your choice) before combat.
		Bad Stuff: A really disgusting kiss costs you 2 Levels (3 for Elves).
	Stoned Golem - L14 T4 - You may choose whether to fight the Stoned Golem or just wave, walk past, and let him keep his treasure.
		(Exception: Halflings look tasty and must fight.)
		Bad Stuff: He has the munchies. He eats you. You're dead.
	Insurance Salesman - L14 T4 - Your Level does not count. Fight him only with your bonuses.
		Bad Stuff: You buy insurance. Lose 1,000 gold pieces' worth of items. If you don't have that much, lose all you have.
	Unspeakably Awful Indescribable Horror - L14 T4 - +4 against Warriors.
		Bad Stuff: Unspeakably awful death for anyone but a Wizard. A Wizard merely loses his powers - discard Wizard card.
	Hippogriff - L16 T4 2L - Will not pursue anyone of Level 3 or below.
		Bad Stuff: You are stomped and chomped. You drop things as you flee. Starting with the player on your right, each player may take one
				   Treasure card from you in front of you or (without looking) from your hand.
	King Tut (Undead) - L16 T4 2L - Will not pursue anyone of Level 3 or below. Characters of higher Levels lose 2 Levels, even if they escape.
		Bad Stuff: Lose all your items and all cards in your hand.
	Wight Brothers (Undead) - L16 T4 2L - Will not pursue anyone of Level 3 or below. Characters of higher Levels lose 2 Levels, even if they escape.
		Bad Stuff: You are reduced to Level 1.
	Squidzilla - L18 T4 2L - Slimy! Elves are at -4. Will not pursue anyone of Level 4 or below except Elves.
		Bad Stuff: You are grabbed, slimed, crushed, and gobbled, You are dead, dead, dead. Any questions?
	Bullrog - L18 T5 2L - Will not pursue anyone of Level 4 or below.
		Bad Stuff: You are flayed to death.
	Plutonium Dragon - L20 T5 2L - Will not pursue anyone of Level 5 or below.
		Bad Stuff: You are roasted and eaten.